# Evaluation on the group project as a whole

On the beginning of this project I chose Parcel and five others did too. George, Ismail, Idriss, Emir, Rick and I got the job to help Parcel with predicting the amount of packages for the next day. Our start was rough. I remember that we needed to get in touch with our project owner and sign a non-disclosure agreement. Only some were really slow with signing it, so we were delayed a few weeks, because we couldn't have the data until the last NDA was signed. I asked these people to do this every week, but there was always some excuse. Eventually we got the data and got to work, only some groupmembers didn't. This changed after week 6, because one of the instructors helped us with building a model and then we saw the light. We all had the mutual aim to create a good model for PostNL and to close this minor with the 30 ects. We divided the group in teams of three and worked in those groups on a model. This went great, we got two working models and I personally learned a lot from this. I learned that its better to divide the group in to smaller groups, because you get a lot more done. When we started on the paper we divided the group again, this time in pares so that one groupmember of each model could merge their knowledge. This also worked well. The result was a good model and a good paper. And this was exactly what I wanted from this group project. I think this was a smart choice, because I also learned from my companion. in the end I learned that when I get stuck within the model I'm working on I should not right away ask someone for help, I should google until really do not get further. I also learned to quit while you're ahead in some stages, for example when we began with neural networks it was already too late. I learned to maybe be harsh to people when necessary, because otherwise it will not work. To some up, I learned a lot from this group, good and bad. Although we had a rough start, I am happy with the result at the end of this minor. But I am also happy that I don't have to work with these people anymore, because  six months is long enough in any project.
