# Reflection on own contribution to the project

In the beginning of the project (untill week 6) there was a lot of radiosilence in our group, because we did not know how to handle our project. The main reason for this was that we had now planning or anything. When you don't have a planning you don't know where and when to start. So I decided to take a look at blackboard and make an overview at first. Then I discussed this with the group and when they agreed I started on the week planning. I found that we had to do a daily standup at least five days in the week and do a sprintplanning and retrospective too. I wanted these thing so that we could all check one another on what he or she did in a week. Since then I took the lead in the sprintplanning too, also because the rest was a bit assernetive. Every time we had a sprintplanning I said what I thought we needed to do that week and normally there were no objections so we put it in Trello and started our week. If there were objections and someone thought we needed to do something else that week there were times in meetings with intsructors that they said it was not a good idea to do that this week. So I know that my planning was almost always the right planning, the only thing is that when you work in a group you can not decide everything, you have to work together. Therefor I think we could have done this project better if everyone had listened to me from the start, but I can't change the past. My aim was to make a working model as a group and write a paper in the time we were given. This goal is achieved so I think overall I did a good job steering this ship. The result of my influence in the planning is that we are going to have no/little stress about handing in our paper. This helps not only the instructors but also the group as a whole. We will not have to get annoyed or be mad at eachother for being too late with a part of the paper, because we have enough time. I learned a lot from this project, evidently there is the data science part, but also how to be a planner in the group, and how to get your group together and make them want to aim for the same goal as you. I wouldn't call myself the scrummaster, because they have also other tasks that I didn't do, but I would say that I think my contribution had a lot of impact on the progress of this project. 
