# Reflection on own learning objectives

My first obvious learning objective is learning about data science. So in the beginning of this project we had to choose a project. I chose Parcel. I chose Parcel because I felt I already knew something about it. It was familiar to me, because my brother does something like this aswell at Coolblue. My aim was to show in the test, portfolio and assesment that I learned quite a bit of data science. So chosing Parcel was the fist step of beginning to learn data science. The second step was following every lecture and workshop, which I did. Then also trying to project the knowledge of the lectures on to the Parcel project. This was a bit harder than I expected. Eventually I had too much problems with creating a model in the first place, so I couldn't practice everything on the Parcel project. I do think that staying up to date with the lectures had an influence on the Parcel project. You learn certain things that you want to try out on your project. But for example the overfitting and underfitting of a model I couldn't see back in my own model, in theory that is much easier to see. I think the fact that I didn't see everything back in the project gave me a bit of a unmotivated feeling. It was harder than I thought it was going to be and that was hard to acknowledge. But then I thought about the time after this project where I can learn more and pratice more in this subject field. So in the end I did obtain a lot of knowledge about data science and therefor I achieved my goal, but there is space to leard and grow in the future. 


My second learning objective was to take more of a leader role in the project. I was placed in the Parcel group with random people I didn't know from my study yet. There were no tasks or roles yet, but first I had to scan the group. Normally you have a leader who stands out and talks a lot. Now I felt I was that person, but I have never been a leader before, so this was completely new for me. I also feel like I was not a leader, but I did lead more than the rest. When I realised this I was a little reserved, because that was a scary role to take on, but I found a buddy to help me: Rick. I think everyone expected us to say or do something everytime we had a meeting. I did this also because this was a learning objective, but I didn't like that they just let us do everything. I eventually started to ask other people what their opinion was and if they had anything to say. When the 360 feedback came I knew what I wanted to say to them and they got the hint. That is when my role as a "leader" kind of fell away and we started to work as a group. This was my goal from the beginning. I think this brought us a lot closer. I learned that I am not a born leader, but that I definitely am a born teamplayer. 
